Have python installed

Navigate to project root directory

Create a virtual environment by pasting this in terminal:
python -m venv venv

Activate the virtual environment with this terminal command:
venv\Scripts\activate

Install streamlit in the virtual environemnt with this command:
pip install streamlit

Run project in virtual environment with:
streamlit run app.py

RAG = Retrieval-Augmented Generation.
It's a pattern that lets an LLM look things up instead of making things up.

Install python-docx and pdfplumber IN THE VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT
    pip install pdfplumber
    pip install python-docx

Install free embedding model: sentence-transformers (HuggingFace)
pip install sentence-transformers

Install numpy just in case it isn't already
pip install numpy


For OpenAI only:
    Install dotenv for secure api key storing
    pip install python-dotenv

    pip install openai

pip install groq

Mechanics / Power-Ups
    What does the EMP Pulse power-up do?
        Disables enemy abilities for 5 seconds.

    What does the Warrior's rage ability do?
        Increases damage by 50% for 10 seconds.

    What effect does the Shield Boost have?
        Restores 50 shield points.

Enemies / Weaknesses
    Which enemy is weak to fire spells?
        Goblin

    How much health does the Dragon have?
        500

    What is the orc weak to?
        Ice spells


Quests / Objectives
    What is the first step in the “The Lost Artifact” quest?
        Talk to Elder Magus to receive quest.

    What level is required to start the “Lost Artifact” quest?
        Player must have at least Level 5 to start quest.

    What rewards do players get for completing the quest?
        Experience Points: 1500
        Gold: 500
        Unique Item: Staff of Elements
        Unlocks: New Mage spells


Level / Environment
    What hazards are in the Castle Siege level?
        Spike pits, arrow traps.

    How many waves of enemies must players survive?
        10 waves of enemies

    What does the Reinforced Shield power-up do?
        Reduces damage by 25% for 20 seconds.

General / Narrative
    How does the player’s choice affect endings in Space Raiders?
        Player decisions affect faction relationships and unlock alternate endings.

    What are the special abilities available to the Mage class?
        Arcane Surge – Reduces cooldowns by 50% for 15 seconds.

    Which enemy requires coordinated fleet attacks?
        Alien Mothership

Example Questions
    How can I implement the monsters naturally into my Lost Artifact quest?
    How do you recommend I implement the Lost Artifact quest in my game?